meta RFC to adopt RFC (#1358)
projectriff/riff: CONTRIBUTING.adoc

Working on a new branch of your fork will help you base your git history on the upstream master.
Please leave multiple commits intact for ease of reviewing. Whoever merges the PR may decide to squash commits together.

> If you would like to contribute a major feature, please consider writing a link:rfc/rfc-001-lightweightRFCprocess.md[RFC].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you would like to contribute a major feature, please consider writing a link:rfc/rfc-0000-lightweight-rfc-process.md[RFC].
```
